the final mission to save mankind has
failed the seventy mile wide asteroid
known asked Matilda is set to collide
with Earth in exactly three weeks time
and we'll be bringing you our countdown
to the end of days along with all your
classic rock favorites so I feel free to
wear your casual Friday clothing pretty
much any day of the week and if anyone
wants to be CFO anyone said what are you
doing with the rest of your life
catching up on some me time by God we
move around some chairs you'll run into
your mojo something that's how sighs
listen Elsa you don't have to come next
week or ever if you don't want to it's
ok you fighting me there's just no need
forget it see you next week Mr that I
regret my entire life ok ok I know we
should set up dodge with Karen don't you
think it's everything I never wore the
sky is falling I do with a different
girl every day you don't care about
diseases or you get a call them back
where are you related you know no I did
I don't I don't
you okay do I come in I would steal
anything if you don't kill me the breed
used to go she the one that got away
well they all got away but she was the
first let's go find her we need to go
right now if you drive me to where I
need to go I get you to your family
luckily i'm getting my midlife crisis in
just under the wire
all right welcome to franzese where
everyone's your friend I think you guys
are still open and you know what it's
his birthday today
haha
oh you can't be serious I fast you know
15 miles an hour of the speed limit
given look couldn't you find it in your
heart to give my friend here a fighting
chance of being with the one he loves
before we all reached our untimely
conclusion now